Feature/custom snapshot launch (#1098)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Added a local launch with custom snapshot feature. [#1098](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1098)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Added a menu item that launches a local deployment with a specified snapshot. [#1098](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1098)
```

### Added

> - Added the ability to specify a snapshot to be used when launching a deployment in the Editor [#1098](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1098)

Reviewer 2: apologies for the late suggestion - but minor nit!

```suggestion
- Added the ability to specify a snapshot to be used when launching a deployment in the Editor. [#1098](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1098)
```
